what was your first job did you have a
job before wrestling you go right
integration I did so I got my degree in
kinesin X science exercise science is
basically learning how to workout so I
moved out to anyway so I moved I moved
out to Los Angeles not to pursue
Performing Arts but to actually apply my
degree cuz then that was like the mecca
of health and fitness
all right ended up at then the mecca of
bodybuilding this was right around y2k
for those people who don't know what
that is
so I moved to Gold's Gym Venice and I
work there you work at Gold's Gym now go
Jim is Wharton ager worked out there
ragnar no it's it's since changed
because the dynamic of the little
neighborhood has changed but then it was
still really the epicenter of the health
fitness and bodybuilding industry so you
would have a cast of characters going
through there it was like what kind of
guys were going through so so they were
all very big yeah and each one of them
tried to establish their own personality
they would fight each other in the gym
really they would be banned and the the
real professional stunt like you knew
you're a pro's Pro the the parking lot
was always jam-packed and you'd leave
your car outside in the parking lot with
the radio blaring and just come in and
work out like I keep reeling
and just go in and work out and I saw
this stuff and I couldn't believe like
these these days all could have been W
superstars they really yes yes they had
the personality thing down now and none
of them ever did no no no I am NOT at
that time I think it was a little bit
different I mean now it's like a real
platform to think there was this one guy
well there was you yeah can you go back
there and work out and and tan your body
is it okay for him yes well we never
we're gonna take a break we're C clip
from bumblebee yes why the movie
everybody's gonna go well by the way I
saw
and it's fantastic yes it really is it's
good it's action-packed for those who
like transformers and her fans of
franchises actually even for those but I
don't know I don't like this formless
and it fits you're like you know you're
the Grinch of the transformer that's
right oh right hate them we'll take a
look at where the me John Cena is here
we'll be right back get down there now
and push that thing out
line it up
[Music]
that's John Cena and wow it's like I'm
relived yeah that's a fun movie you go
the the robots which look fantastic and
it's like funny and there's like really
a story there and he got a lot of
eighties music in it which I love cool
period piece 70 80s and the cool thing I
actually really like about it is if this
movie was filmed in the 80s I would be
the good guy but instead I'm the bad guy
and we have a beautiful young female
lead Hailee Steinfeld that just knocks
it out of the park and her and Bobby
make this movie it's a she Larry yes she
is very very good hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
and this is the Internet I made it
myself
hit subscribe if you liked it